## how would your state look like?

do you know this popular thiel question - "how would you build a state if you started from scratch?"? this is obviously a difficult question, but it's fascinating and fundamental. below you can find 40 questions. if you answer them, they get plotted and as a result, you can see how the state you would build is politically oriented.

each question is either related to economic or governance policy. the split is 20/20. there are 5 options to choose from for every question. in the backend, each option is represented by a number. this results in the end in having two numbers - one which represents the economic policy and another for the governance policy. these two numbers are plotted against each other. economic policy lies on the x-axis ranging from communism to capitalism and the y-axis, which represents governance policy, ranges from autocracy to democracy.

questions are generated by gpt4. the temperature setting was one. the initial two prompts for the project were the following:

me: "do you know the political compass test https://www.politicalcompass.org/test/en?"

me: "i want to create my own test which i want to call "how does your state look like?". it should basically be a test that asks questions about how a person would design their own state. in the end, based on the answers, a plot is created showing the spectrum of where a person would be located. do you think it would be possible to create such a test?"

based on a follow up question, the questions for the test were generated. the test, like most sociological tests, is only an approximation and should therefore be viewed with caution.

here is the streamlit with the questionnaire: 

https://howwouldyourstatelooklike-k3aw2epvd4bbfp8t5wzrdy.streamlit.app/